Improve error message on unknown input (#995)
netlify/build: packages/build/tests/manifest/check/snapshots/tests.js.md

    ␊
    > Error message␊
      Invalid input "test" for plugin "/file/path".␊
      This may be due to:␊
        - the input name being misspelled␊
        - the plugin having renamed or removed that input␊

>         - the plugin not declaring that input (in a manifest.yml file)␊

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Check your plugin configuration to be sure that:␊
        - the input name is spelled correctly␊
        - the input is included in the plugin's available configuration options␊
        - the plugin's input requirements have not changed␊
```
